okay this video is for all of you who
want to learn how to plate the Halloween
theme some Michael Myers in other words
so um basically all you want to do is
you're going to have your right hand
very busy in this segment your right
hand is going to go from this to this to
this and pretty much just like a zigzag
little serpentine motion kind of so
first I'll show you the right hand which
is this part the right and then you'll
have to move on to the left hand the
left hand should be playing through
that's the entire song every time you do
a right hand motion the left hand should
be playing forgive my keyboard it's a
little bit old and broken up as you can
see but still playable so um here we go
I start off with a D D ad be a D F sharp
okay start it each other again and while
you're playing that you should also be
on your left hand every time you go you
should switch so you start off with keep
flat have you go to a
even a sharp
you
it should look like this and um and
basically you want to play that about
four times you go and after you play
that you switch from this to this Sego
and keep following it until you're
pretty much tired of doing it you going
pretty much all you have to do just keep
following it and so 15 motion and you'll
figure out which one do not I'm pretty
soon your pieces long together
and then if you want to on when you
change house it a progression you can
switch to this instead of going and
switch to a higher G flat a G sharp so
like like so and that's pretty much it
just learn the Halloween theme song
graduations